# CS230OperatingPlatforms

      The Gaming Room client would like to develop a web-based application for multiple platforms. The game is designed so that players have to guess a picture that is being rendered over a set amount of time. The game should allow for one or more teams with multiple players with unique names. I think I described the situation, design constraints, and domain model well. Using critical thinking and problem solving, I was able to create a document that would allow any developer to know that the application goals are and be able to excute the development of code. Working through a design document was helpful because it was like a roadmap for the code. If I felt like I was losing sight of what should be done, I revisited the design document. If I could, I would revise my evaluations, as I don't believe I fully fleshed out the thoughts and didn't quite answer the prompts as written. Reading the clients needs and understanding them is important to software design because ultimately they are paying for a servicce that I am providing and they should get what they are paying for. Paying attention to the needs of the client is the main goal of software development, in my opinion. Delivering what was asked for is important. I approached the design with the help of the domain model. This was a helpful tool to keep coming back to in order to keep the application on track. I think that is a technique I would use again in my future endeavors, as it was easy to keep things organized when it was getting more complicated.
